websocket/README.md, before:

# WebSocket interface
CircuitJS supports reading and writing of internal circuit data already, as the
demo in `jsinterface.html` showcases. There is also a shim that connects the
CircuitJS JavaScript functionality by exposing it to a WebSocket interface.
This is shown in `websocket/circuitws.html`.

The CircuitJS circuit simulator connects to a given target URI using a
WebSocket and then expects to receive JSON-formatted commands; similarly,
JSON-formatted responses are generated. There are multiple scenarios in which
this can be useful, but generally it allows remote controlling a browser-run
simulation to be controlled and read out from any programming language.

## Usage
You can start by copying `circuitws.html` and `circuitws.mjs` to the `war/`
directory, then serve it from there. You then need to invoke the URI by adding
a `ws=` query string parameter. The code expects to find a WebSocket end point
there and will connect to it (and reconnect if the connection is lost).

Additionally, you can supply a `src=` query parameter which is the initial
`src` attribute of the iframe. If not supplied, a sensible default is chosen
for you so that the page always loads with a simulator.

Lastly, you can specify an `autoshutoff` query parameter which tells the
WebSocket shim that once it has once finished a WebSocket connection, it should
automatically shut down. This is useful if your server is short-lived and may
crash so that you don't end up a bunch of different (possibly competing)
simulators in different browser tabs).

For example, assume you're the `war/` subdirectory at `http://127.0.0.1:8123`,
then you could have a WebSocket endpoint listening on port 4444 as
`ws://127.0.0.1:4444/ws`. You would then open your web browser with the
following URI:

`http://127.0.0.1:8123/circuitws.html?ws=ws%3A%2F%2F127.0.0.1%3A4444%2Fws`

The simulator will start up and immediately connect to
`ws://127.0.0.1:4444/ws`, from which it expects commands.

## Commands
The command structure is always as follows:

```json
{
	"cmd":		"cmdname",
	"msgid":	1234,
	"foo":		"bar"
}
```

Every command needs to have the `cmd` key set in the dictionary. The `msgid` is
optional, but will be reflected in the response so that it is easy to correlate
requests with their corresponding responses, even if responses are sent
out-of-order.

Additional parameters may be required for some commands. These are commands
that are understood, along with examples:

  - `status`: Query the state of the simulator.
  - `set_running`: Start or stop the simulator (depending on the boolean
    argument in `state`)
  - `reload`: Reload the iframe. Supports an additional `args` command, which
    is a dictionary that contains the query parameters for the new iframe. The
    source cannot be modified.
  - `set_timestamp`: Sets the timestamp to the double value in the `timestep`
    key.
  - `get_node_voltage`: Query the node voltage of nodes. Expects a list of
    named nodes in the `nodes` element.
  - `get_elements`: List all elements of the circuit.
  - `set_ext_voltage`: Sets external voltage sources to their values.  Expects
    a `voltages` dictionary as parameter that contains name/value pairs.
  - `get_svg`: Returns the circuit as a SVG image.
  - `circuit_export`: Returns the cirucit schematic.
  - `circuit_import`: Loads a circuit, provided a textual representation in the
    `circuit` element.

## Example
If you have Python3.10+ and the module aiohttp installed, you can easily try
the example. It expects the `war` directory to be served at port 8123 and will
open a websocket listening port on 8080:

```
$ python3 circuitws_server.py
Point your browser to: http://127.0.0.1:8123/circuitws.html?ws=ws%3A%2F%2F127.0.0.1%3A8080%2Fws
======== Running on http://127.0.0.1:8080 ========
(Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

Then, Python will wait for the user to open the URL. Once that happens, a CLI console starts:

```
Websocket connected.
Cmd:
```

You can now enter commands, such as `?`, `start`, `stop`, `svg`, etc. If you
type `help` you'll get an overview of what is supported.

```
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 1, 'data': {'running': True, 'time': 1.0127750000024012, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: stop
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'set_running', 'msgid': 2}
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 3, 'data': {'running': False, 'time': 1.0562150000026858, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 4, 'data': {'running': False, 'time': 1.0562150000026858, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: start
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'set_running', 'msgid': 5}
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 6, 'data': {'running': True, 'time': 1.0699000000027754, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: sev1
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'set_ext_voltage', 'msgid': 7}
Cmd: help
Not understood. Commands: ?, start, stop, setts, gnv, list, sev1, sev2, svg, export, import, q
```

Commit message:

WebSocket: cleaned up SVG export API
Made the result of the SVG data to be returned asynchronously as a
event. This makes it possible to significantly clean up the whole SVG
initialization code and not expose these internals to the outside. We do
not need any polling anymore after this change.

websocket/README.md, after:

# WebSocket interface
CircuitJS supports reading and writing of internal circuit data already, as the
demo in `jsinterface.html` showcases. There is also a shim that connects the
CircuitJS JavaScript functionality by exposing it to a WebSocket interface.
This is shown in `websocket/circuitws.html`.

The CircuitJS circuit simulator connects to a given target URI using a
WebSocket and then expects to receive JSON-formatted commands; similarly,
JSON-formatted responses are generated. There are multiple scenarios in which
this can be useful, but generally it allows remote controlling a browser-run
simulation to be controlled and read out from any programming language.

## Usage
You can start by copying `circuitws.html` and `circuitws.mjs` to the `war/`
directory, then serve it from there. You then need to invoke the URI by adding
a `ws=` query string parameter. The code expects to find a WebSocket end point
there and will connect to it (and reconnect if the connection is lost).

Additionally, you can supply a `src=` query parameter which is the initial
`src` attribute of the iframe. If not supplied, a sensible default is chosen
for you so that the page always loads with a simulator.

Lastly, you can specify an `autoshutoff` query parameter which tells the
WebSocket shim that once it has once finished a WebSocket connection, it should
automatically shut down. This is useful if your server is short-lived and may
crash so that you don't end up a bunch of different (possibly competing)
simulators in different browser tabs).

For example, assume you're the `war/` subdirectory at `http://127.0.0.1:8123`,
then you could have a WebSocket endpoint listening on port 4444 as
`ws://127.0.0.1:4444/ws`. You would then open your web browser with the
following URI:

`http://127.0.0.1:8123/circuitws.html?ws=ws%3A%2F%2F127.0.0.1%3A4444%2Fws`

The simulator will start up and immediately connect to
`ws://127.0.0.1:4444/ws`, from which it expects commands.

## Commands
The command structure is always as follows:

```json
{
	"cmd":		"cmdname",
	"msgid":	1234,
	"foo":		"bar"
}
```

Every command needs to have the `cmd` key set in the dictionary. The `msgid` is
optional, but will be reflected in the response so that it is easy to correlate
requests with their corresponding responses, even if responses are sent
out-of-order.

Additional parameters may be required for some commands. These are commands
that are understood, along with examples:

  - `status`: Query the state of the simulator.
  - `set_running`: Start or stop the simulator (depending on the boolean
    argument in `state`)
  - `reload`: Reload the iframe. Supports an additional `args` command, which
    is a dictionary that contains the query parameters for the new iframe. The
    source cannot be modified.
  - `set_timestamp`: Sets the timestamp to the double value in the `timestep`
    key.
  - `get_node_voltage`: Query the node voltage of nodes. Expects a list of
    named nodes in the `nodes` element.
  - `get_elements`: List all elements of the circuit.
  - `set_ext_voltage`: Sets external voltage sources to their values.  Expects
    a `voltages` dictionary as parameter that contains name/value pairs.
  - `get_svg`: Returns the circuit as a SVG image. The result is returned
    asynchronously as the "svg_rendered" event.
  - `circuit_export`: Returns the cirucit schematic.
  - `circuit_import`: Loads a circuit, provided a textual representation in the
    `circuit` element.

## Example
If you have Python3.10+ and the module aiohttp installed, you can easily try
the example. It expects the `war` directory to be served at port 8123 and will
open a websocket listening port on 8080:

```
$ python3 circuitws_server.py
Point your browser to: http://127.0.0.1:8123/circuitws.html?ws=ws%3A%2F%2F127.0.0.1%3A8080%2Fws
======== Running on http://127.0.0.1:8080 ========
(Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

Then, Python will wait for the user to open the URL. Once that happens, a CLI console starts:

```
Websocket connected.
Cmd:
```

You can now enter commands, such as `?`, `start`, `stop`, `svg`, etc. If you
type `help` you'll get an overview of what is supported.

```
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 1, 'data': {'running': True, 'time': 1.0127750000024012, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: stop
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'set_running', 'msgid': 2}
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 3, 'data': {'running': False, 'time': 1.0562150000026858, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 4, 'data': {'running': False, 'time': 1.0562150000026858, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: start
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'set_running', 'msgid': 5}
Cmd: ?
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'status', 'msgid': 6, 'data': {'running': True, 'time': 1.0699000000027754, 'timestep': 5e-06}}
Cmd: sev1
{'type': 'response', 'status': 'ok', 'cmd': 'set_ext_voltage', 'msgid': 7}
Cmd: help
Not understood. Commands: ?, start, stop, setts, gnv, list, sev1, sev2, svg, export, import, q
```
